Increase largest PLAC example (#514)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-3-structures-3-meaning.md

The principal place in which the superstructure's subject occurred,
represented as a [List] of jurisdictional entities in a sequence from the lowest to the highest jurisdiction,
where "jurisdiction" includes units in a political, ecclesiastical, and geographical hierarchies

> and may include units as large as a continent or "at sea", or as specific as a building, farm, or cemetery.

Author: ```suggestion
and may include units of any size, such as a continent, "at sea", or a specific building, farm, or cemetery.
```
